Segue a transcricao da musica feita pelo // Speech Studio // Conversao de fala em texto em tempo real. //

Strongest taste Loudest drop head is with the thought unlocked. Strongest taste Loudest drop head is fit the Thought Unlocked. Strongest taste, Loudest drop head is filled, the thought unlocked. Strongest taste Loudest drop head is filled. You'll be thirteen. I'd be 35, born to find a place for us to hide. Be together but alone is the need for it has grown. You'll be thirteen. I'd be 35. Going to find a place for us to hide, be together but along as the need for it has grown here. Cha cha, cha cha cha cha. Cha, cha, cha cha cha. A cave or a shed? A car or a bed? A hole in the ground or a burial mound, A Bush or a tree, or the Eagan Sea where do for me? Cha cha, cha cha cha cha cha cha. I can say that you look pretty. You turn my legs into spaghetti. You set my heart on fire. For you, I found a vent in the bottom of a coal mine, just in the space for your hands in the inside if you go. You let me know. You'll be thirteen. I'd be 35. Going to find a place for us to hide. A den or a desert, perhaps an ink square to sell a wishing well. A war or a guarantee. Will do for me. For you, I found the cell on the top floor of a prison, just enough space for you to fit your feet in if you go. Do let me know. For you, I found a cell on the top floor of a prison. Just enough space for you to fit your feet in if you go. Please let me know. Walk around there with a heart on fire. I come running with a heart on fire. I can run it with a heart on fire. I couldn't live the heart on fire, but I can run it with a heart on fire. I can run it with a heart on fire. I come running with a heart of fire. 